update local enviro setup tutorial with test data install (#258)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/tutorials/local-setup.md

![all actions completed](all-actions-completed.png "All actions completed")

### 4. Upload Test Data

By default the CHT will have the [Maternal & Newborn Health Reference Application]({{< ref "apps/examples/anc" >}}) installed. To upload demo data you can use `medic-conf`:

> Check out the [cht-core respository](https://github.com/medic/cht-core) to your local machine, either by using the [Github Desktop app](https://desktop.github.com/) or by running the following command in the directory you want to check the code out into: `git clone https://github.com/medic/cht-core.git`. This will create a `cht-core` directory.
> 
> Navigate your terminal to the `config/default` directory of the `cht-core` directory. This is where the reference application is stored.
> 
> Run the following `medic-conf` command: `medic-conf --url=https://medic:password@localhost --accept-self-signed-certs csv-to-docs upload-docs`. This first compiles and then uploads the shipped default test data to your local instance.

Reviewer: Some structural changes to improve the readability:
```suggestion
- Check out the [cht-core respository](https://github.com/medic/cht-core) to your local machine, either by using the [Github Desktop app](https://desktop.github.com/) or by running the following command in the directory you want to check the code out into: `git clone https://github.com/medic/cht-core.git`. This will create a `cht-core` directory.
- Navigate your terminal to the `cht-core/config/default` directory. This is where the reference application is stored.
- Run the following `medic-conf` command to compile and upload default test data to your local instance: `medic-conf --url=https://medic:password@localhost --accept-self-signed-certs csv-to-docs upload-docs`.
```
